# preface

This Code is written as per #CleanCode Standards of TejaSoft, based on our expertise of working with more than 1.2 billion lines of various stack code. Some naming conventions as
per our standard, as most frameworks and their naming/directory structure styles do have the flows that makes large code working too difficult to maintain.

e.g we follow different directly structure than what is generated by angular cli to keep related files together that eases maintainability We also think of Java Class Naming
style (especially those that needs to go to backend) and prefer classes rather than functional interfaces. However, function are preferred for utility code.

These are our recommendations, however once in contract, we go with whatever is customers feel comfortable. Our braces formatting is also different that what is seen in books (
books use it to save pages space but not good for large code enterprise products)

upgrade steps
1. ncu -u
2. npm ci
3. npm start


Few Checks:

1. Make sure everything is from the latest angular versions
2. Are tests done: Tests are avoided due to test scope
3. Types are defined as much as possible
4. Each class and method as small as possible
5. Scopes as tight as possible - some are avoided
6. Validations - were limited due to test scope

# Angular CLI Coffee Shop

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page. --Deploy to GitHubPages

# github-pages command line syntax

`npm -g i angular-cli-ghpages`
`ng build --prod --base-href "https://nagkumar.github.io/angular-coffee-shop/`
`ngh angular-cli-ghpages —-dir=dist/angular-coffee-shop` or  `gh-pages -d build` - gh-pages is still not working Open the browser with
URL [https://nagkumar.github.io/angular-coffee-shop/](https://nagkumar.github.io/angular-coffee-shop/)

# CleanCode NFRs

1. Use Classes and Functions a they best fit
2. Keep all related code of models, services, assets, components etc in page roots
3. i18n enable the content strings
4. Take Data from services, which in future can either come from server or from mock
5. i18n should support both local and also from server
6. write unit tests using karma/jasmine
7. write functional e2e tests using pluggable frameworks such as cypress or testcafe
8. make sure ../../ are removed from references use @package
9. Identify and separate re-usable components
10. Identify and write android libs
11. identify and write extendable angular-schematic
12. Identify Domain Level Directives, Pipes etc..
13. Reactive Flow Layout to see view works well both in Mobile and Web
14. Remove ts-lint and start using es-lint with es6
15. Migrate to the latest node packages as soon as they come in e.g. Angular-13.x
16. Use Angular Store for data passing in place of input() and output()
17. Reduce expressions in html view, make them as methods as much as possible
18. TypeScript 4.x must use
19. rxjs must be the latest version
20. make sure libs used are in the righ block i.e. dependencies and devDependencies
21. put in place proper .es-lint rules
22. Run always ide inspections
23. Prefer to use webstorm
24. put in place ci/cd/cdd to automate build, do smoke tests and deploy on cloud
25. use git pages as needed
26. Do performance testing based on cypress e2e tests using LoadView
27. Make sure IDE debugging is enabled not the browser one
28. Make sure proper log framework is used to send console logs to server as needed
29. use ngx modules such as for build and model dialogs etc
30. Never have unused code and imports, always format the code as per the guidelines manually or at git commit time
31. Look at microsoft marketplace for angular https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=loiane.angular-extension-pack, it has some cool things that integrate well with vs
    code
32. images/assets all should be optimized and should be organized as per the web and mobile overrides if it happens
33. Use scss as much as possible
34. Use only active opensource libraries never the ones which are not maintained
35. Do security checks and leakages in automated way
36. Use different line braces or make it auto formatable as per the developers code style upon check-in and check-out
37. write proper shell scripts, that makes developers build, launch and test times as min as possible.
38. Publish reusable components, libraries for the organisation to use it across the products/projects
39. Local NPM proxy registry for organisation - Verdaccio
40. Docker based Development
41. ncu update integration with CI/CD to know the impact of updates immediately
42. Make it work different verstions of node-12,14,17 etc..Make it work with different verstion of npm, yarn, npx
43. Make sure angular tests, e2e all run from both cli and ide
44. Reduce the Build and Deployment times through cache and automation
45. Don't give scope for migration, with continues and timely upgrades use ncu -u as often as possible
46. Make Development brain work rather than sweat work with no production fires
47. Make team experts in developing their own schematics/code generators specific to domain
48. Pluggablity is the modularity and architecture by itself - so enguage decoupling extending the angular as much as possible
49. Server Side Rendering to boost performance
50. See what all can be made a pipe class methods to enable cache
51. Monorepo
52. Use nx workspaces to
53. Micro-front-ends
54. Code Quality Automation - AI-Powered Automation - The Future
55. replace karma with jest
56. Snapshot Testing
57. Adoption of Storybook, Figma for faster UI pre-screens arrival
58. Angular e2e with Cypress and Cucumber Integration for BDD testing
59. Code Coverage & Smoke Tests for CI/CD
60. Cloud Serverless Functions/lambda/ of Node
61. Performance Testing using JMeter and WebPageTest etc
62. Logging, Tracing & Remote Monitoring
63. Lighthouse Performance Testing
67. pa11y and axe-core accessibility test automation
